---
layout: post
title:  Note EMF2019
date:   2019-02-01 14:02:00 +0800
categories: [whining]
---

2019/2/1

## Tarot Predictions

### Michael Says 100s

Emiliano Sala was on missing plane, French officials say

1. The search for a missing plane carrying Argentine soccer player Emiliano Sala to his new team in the UK was CALLED OFF for the evening Tuesday, with AUTHORITIES warning they did not expect to find any SURVIVORS in the English Channel. SEARCH AND RESCUE operations will RESUME Wednesday morning, police said.
2. We have found no SIGNS of those on board. If they did land on the water, THE CHANCES OF SURVIVAL are at this stage, unfortunately, SLIM. The seawater is not very warm and so it is CONCERNING because if they're in the water, their chances of surviving are DIMINISHING all the time.

### Cover Story

1. So FIRST things FIRST, INSTEAD of THINKING of TAROT cards as PREDICTIONS of the the FUTURE like they are SO commonly THOUGHT of, I THINK, instead, it WOULD be BETTER if we THOUGHT of them as REFLECTIONS and PROJECTIONS of our CURRENT life CIRCUMSTANCES.
2. And WHAT I MEAN by this is the FUTURE is NOT set in STONE. YOUR future can CHANGE just as QUICKLY as you can CHANGE your MIND in this VERY MOMENT.
3. And if the OUTCOME seems FAVORABLE, then THIS can be really VALIDATING and really REASSURING. So on the FLIP side, if a TAROT reading kind of SEEMS to be NEGATIVE, then a GOOD TAROT reader can GIVE you ADVICE to kind of HELP you ADJUST and FOCUS your TRAJECTORY towards a more POSITIVE outcomes.
4. I WANTED to EXPLAIN this because it's REALLY IMPORTANT that when YOU get TAROT reading you DON'T form any kind of EXPECTATION or ATTACHMENTs to WHAT you think the FUTURE is SUPPOSED to be LIKE.
5. In THAT way, it ALLOWS your HEART and MIND to be OPEN to the POSSIBILITIES of the FUTURE rather than LIMITING yourself with EXPECTATION or ANYTHING like THAT.

